Delete quotes in script responsible for cleanup the resource bundles inside frameworks (#2348)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Distribute

- **[Fix]** Fix a warning `'Resources/AppCenterDistribute.strings': file not found` when resolving swift packages using Swift 5.5.

> - **[Fix]** Fix part of the script which response cleanup the resource bundles inside frameworks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Fix]** Fix the part of the script which is responsible for cleanup the resource bundles inside the xcframework.
```
